1. What is the DOM? What is meant by the DOM tree? 
The Document Object Model (DOM) is a programming interface for web documents. 
a browser loads a web page, it creates a model of that page.

2. What is an XSS attack? How do they work? How can you guard against them? 
XSS attack is when a malicious user adds code to an input that is eventually generated as html, 
that code could potentially be run for different users.Strip it of potential malicious intent by 
removing tags, escaping characters, etc

3. What is an event in JavaScript? What kind of events can you respond to with code? 
HTML events are "things" that happen to HTML elements. Kinds of events would be clicks or load. 

4. How does a DOM eventListener work? What are the parameters it is expecting? 
An event listener is a function that waits for a specific event to occur on an element and then executes a given callback function.

5. What is jQuery? Why use it? How do we load jQuery onto a page? 
jQuery is a lightweight JavaScript library designed to simplify DOM manipulation, event handling,  
and AJAX requests. We use shorter syntax, and easier DOM manipulation. Get a CDN link from online. 

6. What is AJAX? JSON? The HTTP method types and what they do? 
AJAX allows web pages to be updated asynchronously by exchanging data with a web. 
JSON is a text-based data format following JavaScript object syntax that uses human-readable 
text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and arrays server behind the scenes.  
Each HTTP request has a method type, and each method type has semantic meaning:  
GET - should only ever retrieve data
POST - submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server - usually creating a new resource
PUT - method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload - update everything for a resource
PATCH - partially modify a resource - not really used much, put is more common for modifying resources
DELETE - delete a resource
